Wife, why are you here?
You also know that I am your wife
What are you doing?
Nothing. Nothing
Since you found out, I'm too lazy to pretend.
From now on
I, Liu Jing, am the mistress of the Su family
And you didn't divorce my husband quickly.
Get out of here
You are not solving
Of course I'm not.
I'm so smart
How could it be your stupid daughter?
Eyeless
I can't even recognize my own daughter
I should be taken out by my sister-in-law
I already knew
But married
I already knew that Li Hongyi was our daughter
You deliberately hide from me
You deliberately gave me that Scorpio agreement
Intentionally let me force you to pass a thousand times
You let me force my daughter to death, right?
Little Samsung should have died 15 years ago